[Autogenerated] So what is a W s ops works well,
Ops Works is a configuration management service that helps us
configure and operate our applications.
Living in a W s.
The backbone of this service is either puppet or chef,
depending on the operation that you're trying to run.
Now the differences are ops, works,
stacks and ops works for chef automate leverage Chef cookbooks.
So you need to be familiar with a chef cookbook syntax in order to use this.
But it handles the heavy lifting in the back end so you
don't have to spin up your own chef servers.
And then we have ops works for puppet enterprise,
which is going to leverage surprisingly puppet enterprise.
And this is simply managed puppet master servers that you can use
for managing nodes and configuration management.
Now, the nice thing about puppet is it allows us to enforce a desired state.
For all of our resource is as well as automate
several different tasks on demand.
It is an awesome managed service and really handles a lot of the
heavy lifting that we might otherwise have to do.
So let's go ahead and take a look now for this upcoming demo.
We're just going to get hands on experience with AWS ops.
Works well,
look at the syntax of the files and then how we can deploy it in our console for our own work.